---
layout: post
title: NEUROSURGERY: Discover the Mystery of the Brain - Seminar given by Dr. Zhu Xian Lun
permalink: /4thseminar1516/
feature-img: /fourth_seminar2016/feature.png
thumb-img: /fourth_seminar2016/thumb.png
categories: [news]
excerpt: Unveil the curtain of neurosurgery.
---

<h2>Neurosurgeons = brain surgeons</h2>
<p>The first impression of many people to Neurosurgeon is simply "brain surgeons". However, it is much more than that! This surgical specialty involves the diagnosis and treatment of injuries, diseases or disorders of the brain, spinal cord and spinal column, and peripheral nerves within all parts of the body. In fact, in majority of the time, neurosurgeons deal with spine and peripheral nerve problems!</p>

<p>Neurosurgery is among the youngest of surgical disciplines, dating back to the early 1900s. Because it is a young specialty, neurosurgery is rapidly evolving which result in an important tradition in of dissemination of new ideas and techniques in neurosurgery.</p>

<p>The guest speaker of our 4th seminar, "Neurosurgery - Discover the Mystery of Brain", will be Dr. ZHU Xian Lun, Cannon who is currently a Consultant Neurosurgeon working at Prince of Wales Hospital.</p>

<p>SSAHK is honoured to have invited Dr. Wong Kak Yuen, Kenneth to be the guest speaker of our 3rd seminar - "Healing the Young". Dr. Wong is currently a Clinical Associate Professor in Department of Surgery, HKU.</p>

<h2>Event details:</h2>
<table style="width:90%">
  <tr>
    <th><h3>Date</h3></th>
    <td>21st October, 2016 (Friday)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><h3>Time</h3></th>
    <td>7:00 p.m. - 9:30 p.m</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><h3>Venue</h3></th>
    <td>Kai Chong Tong, Postgraduate Education Centre (PEC), Prince of Wales Hospital</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<a href="https://goo.gl/forms/Jnbd172XivtkxfmX2" target="_blank">APPLY</a> NOW!!
